# learn-react

**Task 1.** Create the component-based frontend of the following design:
https://www.figma.com/file/xA1rJVQOorqMW6xjGdBLcI/ReactFacts?node-id=0%3A1


**Task 2.** Create a simple counter application that will display a number starting from 0. Display two buttons: one for increment and other for decrement. By clicking the increment button, increase the value of count by +1. By clicking the decrement button, decrease the value of count by -1.


**Task 3.** Create and display a list of numbers. This list will be generated by displaying random number to the user. Display a random number between 1-1000, a button to add, and a button to skip. If user clicked on add button, update the number list by adding that number and display the next random number. If the user clicked on Skip button, display the next random number without adding that number in list.


**Task 4.** Create a simple todo web app containing a text form field and a submit button. This field will be used to write a single todo. After submitting the field, display all the todos as a list on the bottom of the field.


**Task 5.** Extend the assignment 2 by providing a checkbox against all the todos that will represent that the todo has been done. If the checkbox is checked, it means todo has been completed and display an underline against that todo.


**Task 6.** Take the following data and display it in the form of a table.

students = [
  {id: 1, name: 'Asad', subject: 'Chemistry'},
  {id: 2, name: 'Ahmad', subject: 'Physics'},
  {id: 3, name: 'Zain', subject: 'Chemistry'},
  {id: 4, name: 'Usama', subject: 'Urdu'},
  {id: 5, name: 'Ali', subject: 'English'},
  {id: 6, name: 'Hamza', subject: 'Math'},
];

Further, create a delete action button against each row that will delete the specific data from array.
